Add deadlines section to the Open source etiquette guidelines (#33778)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/open_source_etiquette/index.md

If someone is waiting for you to do something for them, you should be extended the same courtesy, but at the same time, try to respond as promptly as you can. If you really can't find the time, let them know, and ask the maintainers to help you find someone else to do the task.

> ## Respecting Deadlines
> 
> Some of our projects require contributions that happen within a certain deadline. We expect all contributors to be mindful of the deadlines for submitting pull requests, providing comments, and making other contributions. Adhering to these deadlines helps prevent delays in the process and keeps the project on track. If you foresee any issues meeting a deadline, please communicate this as early as possible so the team can make adjustments to the process and deliver on time. This proactive approach allows the team to make necessary adjustments and minimizes potential disruptions. Your consideration and commitment to respecting deadlines greatly contribute to the success of our collective efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your contribution to MDN has a deadline, we expect you to be mindful of submitting the pull request with enough time for reviewers to provide feedback while allowing enough time for you to address the comments. If you have a deadline for a project, and foresee any issues meeting your deadline, please communicate this as early as possible so the team can make adjustments to the process and deliver on time. This proactive approach serves as a request to prioritize your PR. 

Please be considerate in making such requests, realizing this is an open source project and your PR is being reviewed by peer community members. If you are the contributor with a deadline, please plan ahead of time and only make prioritization requests when the need is urgent. If you are a reviewer, your consideration and commitment to respecting deadlines is appreciated, and greatly contribute to the success of our collective efforts. 
```

Author: Hi @estelle,

Thank you so much for reviewing this and for your valuable suggestion. I really appreciate your insight.

Your point about focusing on reviewers is well-taken. However, it's also crucial to maintain a balance that respects everyone's time, including both reviewers and contributors. From a product standpoint, having deadlines only for urgent matters might not align well with the collaborative nature of our work, where teams and contributors often need to synchronize their efforts to ensure timely delivery and stick to planned sprints.

I feel that the initial PR serves as a good umbrella etiquette because it's more inclusive and encourages mindfulness and consideration from everyone involved. That said, I’m very open to hearing more about your perspective and experiences as a reviewer.
